So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
The mic is great.	1
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
And the sound quality is great.	1
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
Very good quality though	1
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
So Far So Good!.	1
Works great!.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Doesn't hold charge.	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
It has kept up very well.	1
Poor Talk Time Performance.	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
worthless product.	0
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
I was not impressed by this product.	0
Nice headset priced right.	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
It has all the features I want	1
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
This case seems well made.	1
Disappointed with battery.	0